h1. Viddle

Web video syndicator.

h2. Changelog

h3. v0.6

minor change of scoring algorithm
slovak docs

h3. v0.5

extended list of supported sites and video players
multiple videos per page functionality

h3. v0.4

results pagination
video templates

h3. v0.3

embedded video output
tags

h3. v0.2

slovak text search support
cherrypy web framework integration

h3. v0.1

web crawler
data parser
basic whoosh indexing and search engine

h2. Docs

Further documentation in slovak language:
http://vi.ikt.ui.sav.sk/User:marek.hlavac?view=home

h2. Dependencies

To run Viddle in your local environment you will need:
- Python 3.x
- Whoosh module
- CherryPy module
- BeautifulSoup module 
- PyMongo module
- MongoDB database

h2. Usage

<pre><code>/conf/db.conf</code></pre>
Should contain one line of mongodb access data in format: mongodb://USER:PASS@SITE:PORT/DB_NAME

<pre><code>/conf/sites.conf</code></pre>
List of sites from we are going to crawl inner links with additional sites information. One line contains triplet
[URL] [INNER_LINKS_FILTER] [NAME]
where:
- URL is sites url
- INNER_LINKS_FILTER is used for filtering out cross-domain or other irrelevant inner links
- NAME is used for identifying site

<pre><code>/conf/regex.conf</code></pre>
List of regular expressions that will be used for finding out video data. One line contains triplet
[TAG] [URL_REGEX] [PLAYER]
where:
- TAG specifies tags from which we are going to crawl video data
- URL_REGEX is regular expression for finding out video identificator
- PLAYER specified type of video player
- e.g.: input http://embed.ted.com/talks/.*\.html ted.com

Web crawling can be started with miner.py script:
<pre><code>python crawler/miner.py</code></pre>

Search can be executed through web GUI or by query class from search module.
